# Car-rental-system-cmd
program future review : 1.massage and notification system between users. 2.Three type of user :root, supervisor, customer. 3.Single sign in screen to all user, the system will detect the user type and give him proper option for him. 4.Supervisor have permission lower then root when he searching and editing. 5.Ability to change username and password for all user’s type. 6.The system automatically change users availability when he sign in and log out operation. 7.There are 50 cars are predefine between van and sedan, compact cars. 8.The system will change cars status and last meter reading with every  rent operation. 9.Discount point system and user can use it any time ,but the effect will be at last order. 10.Every user can see all rentals operation they did it.  11.Already root account sign-up “username: root”, “password:123456789root”. 12.Supervisor account cannot be created unless the root do it from his option. 13.Write all data on files , also restore it when the programs start. 14.Sign –up option at main screen will create only customer account. 15.Age calculation for customer account to show his age by input birthday year, month , day. 16.Supervisor or root should change customer license validity to be valid, the default statue for it is invalid, So customer cannot do any rental operation. 17.Any car has status unavailable the customer cannot rent it. 18.For saving all data, please don’t interrupt the program, rather than close it from the proper choice the programs give it. 19.I tried to handle major exception that I except it. 20.And many more …………………    you have two way to run program : 1.take all file "Car Rent System" and run it. 2.take file "cars.dat" , "accounts.dat", and folder "src" then past it all inside project folder.
